Add decimal seperators (#78)
Kampfkarren/full-moon: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Added support for `continue` under `roblox` feature flag
- Added support for Compound Assignment (eg. `x += 1`) under the `roblox` feature flag

> - Added support for decimal seperators (eg. `1_123_531`) under `roblox` feature flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added support for underscores as numeric separators (eg. `1_123_531`) under the `roblox` feature flag
```
